In exercise 3, you were given a signal and told to use
the Fourier transform to learn more about
the different frequency components in the signal.
The data for exercise 3 is just this one of the array.
To figure out what frequency components are inside this signal,
all we have to do is plot
the Fourier transform in the same way that we did in the previous video.
We find that the largest frequency component is right here around 28 hertz,
followed by the one at 50 hertz,
and then maybe one at 12,
8 hertz, and 26 hertz.
So once you know about the Fourier transform,
it's fairly simple to figure out which frequency components comprise your signal.